Yeah!
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Harmontown.
How do you feel tonight?
Oh, my goodness.
So good to see you all.
Let's get right into it.
We don't need a lot of fanfare.
Wave your hands in the air.
His name is Dan Harbour.
And his friend's name, King of the Game, Mr. Rob Schrupp.
Flowers bloom for you, Brandon Johnson.
In the spring and every season.
But your mama so hard, I gave her me too.
And the tumbleweeds, and the pollen, and the honeybees
are all flying around, eating cheese.
Damn, I remember the one time.
Damn, I remember that other time.
Damn, I remember all the times.
I got photographic recall.
And it's wasted on me.
No, all time was at all.
What?
Sorry, I...
Talking about your photographic recall.
Oh, but what about it?
Just saying you don't have no all time was at all.
Oh, I think I got that.
Feeds, you can remember shit.
Time for me to turn into a squirrel.
Damn, I'm a squirrel.
Leaping from branch to branch,
foreshadowing primates.
Slowly, my eyes will move to the front of my head.
So I can have depth perception.
And I'll get color vision.
So I can recognize ripe fruit.
Oh, damn.
Damn.
My tail's going away.
I'm climbing down from the tree.
And I'm living in an alarmist community
where we groom each other and pound our chests and
look out for the spotted leopards.
And if one comes, we go, ah, ah,
and we all climb up in a tree.
Damn.
Damnity.
Very good, Dan Harmon.
You may live another day.
So pyramid hand decrees it.
Oh, God.
Quick, while he's either blind or...
There's only one man who can save pyramid man.
And that man's name is Jeff Davis.
Yeah.
Oh.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome back, Jeff.
Hello.
Welcome back to me.
Welcome back to you.
We're kind of playing with the show format here.
I didn't want Brandon to go away.
Jeff's back.
Spencer's still gone.
Thoughts and prayers.
I will say, certainly, if he's going through anything,
it's not affecting his work.
I've seen four animatics of Harmon Quest.
Very good season.
Probably best season ever.
Looking forward to that.
Maybe he's content to just focus on that.
And I'm here.
Yeah.
Who needs Spencer?
Who needs anybody?
I've been up all night.
So I'll probably fall asleep tonight.
But I've been working.
And so I'm a little out of it.
What are you working on?
Screenplay that was due a million years ago.
And just finishing it up.
Just about finished.
This is for Aquaman 3, right?
It's in that area.
Dr. Stranger.
Who knows?
Who's strange?
I was thinking about Green Arrow today.
Dr. Stranger.
Is he called Green Arrow because he's new at it?
Green Arrow.
Well, I'm not the best Arrow guy here.
I'm still new.
I'm a little...
You're going to need to get your uniform
before you start talking to management.
You knew Green Arrow.
It may be a different Arrow,
but you knew Green Arrow.
Green Lantern?
I thought you were on my side.
Just because we Green don't mean we are Green.
Green Arrow and...
Is this helping?
Green Arrow and Green Lantern,
they were partnered up in a series of comic books
that were critically acclaimed.
I can't imagine why.
Maybe it was because people liked watching the Green Lantern
feel awkward.
It's like, dude, you just...
What is your origin story?
You played Peter Pan in high school
and hit your head?
He just shoots dumb Arrows.
That's all he does.
Perhaps my boxing glove Arrow
will punch this up a bit.
Perhaps my screwdriver Arrow
will turn things around.
Okay, none of that works.
Perhaps my exploding Arrow will blow you up.
Just use your exploding Arrow
every time, Green Arrow.
Don't waste your time making
all these Arrows.
What do you do?
Just budget your time.
You're not getting them back.
Yeah, I mean, just once you...
You gotta shoot them.
What's he gonna do?
He's like, hey, guys, wait a second.
Before you jump into the car
and drive back, I gotta go pick up my fucking Arrows.
Otherwise, I'm not equipped.
I'm not a comic book guy.
Does he conjure them up
or does he actually fabricate them
for the purpose?
He tinkers.
He's like part tinkerer, part archer.
He makes his Arrows
in a workshop.
Is anybody a Green Arrow
aficionado that...
Right, so he is, right?
Is he a meta-human?
Oh, really? See, that's kind of interesting
because how many other non-meta-humans
are there?
At least, two.
So, does he have a Green Arrow car?
Yes.
What is it called?
It's like the Arrow Mobile or something.
We had...
The Rick and Morty staff were kind of
very delicately vandalizing
the Green Arrow Wikipedia one season.
They kept adding, like,
really...
We're trying to see how long can the shit
just seep into canon
because you really don't know.
The shit gets ridiculous
because, like, Green Arrow's been around forever.
There was a run of Green Arrow
where his sidekick Speedy had a heroin addiction.
You wouldn't be able
to tell, like, at a glance...
Why did Speedy have a heroin addiction?
Yeah.
He would have, like, a meth addiction.
That's meta.
But there was this whole thing.
We went too far at one point
and we got busted.
Did they come to your house and go,
hey, you know,
some Green Arrow fan, like,
expunged the whole thing.
It was slowly building.
There was this whole thing about
this really meticulous grievance between
Green Arrow and someone else.
And part of it was he thought
that it started
with the Green Arrow Mobile
and how he thought that this person
had scratched it
and wouldn't admit it.
And then that was, like,
threaded into, like, different,
like, infinite crisis
and whatever, and kind of, like,
this, like, long-standing grudge
with this other DC character
that he was convinced had scratched his car.
Yeah.
I mean, essentially, Dan,
you're telling me a story about something
that was funny once.
It's not really gonna be funny again.
I understand.
I haven't slept in a while.
You've been doing some
DC research.
I'm trying to
to remind him to push him together.
Okay, so Green...
Yeah, I learned all about Red Tornado today.
DC search.
So Green Lantern's weakness
is anything made of yellow?
Is that purple?
Well, it goes through
different things, like the...
Like yield signs?
Like wood? He couldn't affect wood?
He doesn't affect
mine. So if you're like...
So you could...
Hello!
But, yeah,
there's some stuff with the yellow.
But it's more about, like, the yellow
Lantern energy or something
like that. Green Lantern is such
a turn-off to me. I can't...
I think the only... I like
what the LEGO
DC stuff does with the Green
Lantern powers because...
Whatever.
You're not going to get any smells out of me.
I guess because it's kind of like
for kids and then it's like through
the LEGO filter, it sort of like makes
a character whose power is just to like
make up random shit.
Like, they kind of...
They contain it within these like translucent
green blocks and whatever.
But just that idea of like,
oh, I'm going to use my imagination
to make a green baseball glove.
Like, it's a dumb...
Isn't it cheating?
I've never seen any of the LEGO films.
But the whole
point of LEGO is that
it's stationary
blocks of shit that you stick together.
But then they're all their mouths are moving
and their faces are moving and they're doing all this
shit that breaks the LEGO rule.
Right?
They should be
little blocky stiff
like, you know...
They are in the...
Yeah, but their faces are all fucking
all over the joint, like, you know...
Well, it'd be kind of a boring movie
if...
Yeah, so don't make it out of
LEGO. Make it out of
anything else.
They should have did that.
They would have been famous.
They should have done that.
Play-Doh movie. You can make whatever you want
out of Play-Doh. How about the Play-Mobile movie
that's coming out?
Have you seen
the DC Universe's Lincoln Log
movie coming out? It's all made out of logs.
I'd watch that, Dan.
That's stupid.
All right, we're getting into
bad territory for me.
I remember a guy from Hot Wheels or Mattel
or something like that was like touring
the studio, the animation studio.
They were like, yeah, if you guys can think
of anything to do with Hot Wheels
that'd be cool.
And, you know,
it's tough because
you can't just put
a face on the front of the car
because
Pixar did that. It's like
the toy is
like a car, but, you know, and there's no
driver. Fuck, fuck!
It was like watching a guy
realize Hot Wheels is a
shitty property.
You don't... Here's
something. You don't have to make a movie
out of everything.
Yeah, but he's got to make
a movie out of Hot Wheels or he's fucking fired.
Somebody's not going to go,
okay, we just did
zebras. All right.
There's a movie for everything now.
We can close up shop
Hollywood. There's a movie for everything.
I was just attached to the new Connect 4
movie.
I play blue.
Oh, man, you are...
It is so...
Man, you're making fun of me.
The Dalians with the Play-Doh movie.
The Play-Doh people wanted to...
We made a joke of it on community.
I know, and then
we were talking to the Play-Doh people.
And Paul Feig's supposed to be directing.
I was really excited about our idea.
I love you, Grumpy.
What? I just love how Grumpy
Paul Feig's supposed to be directing.
We are
orbiting an
issue of mine, so let's maybe
change the subject or I should stop
thinking, because I'm going to upload
a little bit. Rob, will you pass over for the Play-Doh movie?
I don't want to talk about
any of this anymore.
It's going to get me into trouble.
I'm starting to put my life back.
Keep drinking. We'll bring it back up at
9.30.
Thank you. So Green Arrow...
One fan. Just use your exploding arrows.
Green Arrow, I know
if you were here he would say
well, just use exploding arrows.
Why don't I just buy a gun?
Don't pull that threat, Green Arrow.
Like a cop? Like a police officer?
Like a higher... Green gun.
Yeah.
Just keep shooting and use only bullet arrows.
How about
how about have
the bow and arrow and
have a gun?
Just as a stand by.
Or a taser.
Or study philosophy.
And just, you know...
Get out of the hero game.
Just be your best you.
And why are you wearing a fucking mask, man?
You're walking around like
Robin Hood with the beard.
Yeah, no one cares who you are.
They're like, oh my gosh, who's this, Carl?
Why does Aquaman have a beard?
I keep going to hotels. I'm on the road a lot.
And there's always an Aquaman in my bedroom.
Why is this happening to me?
Rob,
you're not wrong there because you turn the TV on
and what do you get?
The first thing you fucking get, you turn your TV on.
Sexy men.
No, you get Mario Lopez.
Hey everybody, I'm Mario Lopez.
I'm here to talk to you about movies in your hotel room.
Like Aquaman.
And they talk about Aquaman for 30 minutes.
A beard under water doesn't seem
functional.
Well, work for Poseidon.
Oh, now you're going to go well.
I'm just saying
name a fast-moving aquatic
animal that has air.
A seal, an elephant seal.
Yeah, but very little.
They don't have a giant...
They have a huge mustache, like a walrus.
Yeah.
Whales have teeth that are very much like a hairbrush.
Yeah, but they're inside their mouth.
You asked us to name an animal.
I know that there are mammals that have
hair under water.
He's not a fish man, is he? I don't know.
He's the king of Atlantis.
If you give him a break, you didn't want to shave.
They don't have razors down there.
But he does shave because he shaves the part of his hair
around the Van Dyke goatee kind of thing.
He clearly is like
beard scaping around it.
So he cares about
appearances.
You want to know why?
Terrible acne scars.
Awful.
I take it back, Mario Lopez.
Oh, you mean Aquaman.
It would be cool
if he was just
naked.
If his gimmick, I think that would be the way to
after all these attempts to like
we got to find the angle on Aquaman because
obviously in the 70s it became this
joke.
We fell in love with this idea that there was
a super friend that
given his roster of powers,
obviously the other heroes
would probably make fun of him and
kind of like stuck.
He tried to like
beef up Aquaman in the comic books
to work against that
or to make him like dark and depressed
and alienated.
But I do think
the way to do it
would be to make him
naked.
Let him be Jason Momoa
but then just have the running thing be like
he doesn't know what clothes are.
He knows what they are.
He's not stupid but he's like I'm not wearing those.
I'll help him out with that.
Doctor Strange.
That sounds like a strange thing to do.
Do you think
that we're stuck with these dudes?
Hey Aquaman!
You know what would be strange
and this is what I do.
I do. I do this.
You know what would be strange Aquaman?
I'm crossing. I can't do that, right?
Go ahead.
I won't do it.
You better finish this.
Okay. Doctor Strange goes
hey take off your clothes. That's strange.
Now
put him over here by mine.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Do you think that
because of the time period
that these characters were first created
we're stuck in those archetypes?
Do you think that if this had been
it's a crazy...
Let's say we started doing DC
Marvel even 15 years later
would we have built these
superheroes different?
No, just cosmetically.
To the extent that they have any kind of shelf life
one would hope that that was because
of an organic kind of thing that made us
we like
certain characters because of archetypal
behaviors,
relationships with their gadgets, not the actual
design of the gadgets.
Tony Stark is
in Batman
I think are both kind of
parallel in that both of them
people if they like them
what they like is the idea that you're
not exceptional
you're not gifted in any way
except maybe you're
intelligence or whatever but you're not
supernaturally gifted and then you use
your means and your
and your will and your grit to like
take a
place among the gods and you're even
bossing them around and stuff like your
Captain Kirk or something.
So the genre sort of pays attention to the time
that it's in? Yeah, I mean that stuff's
easy to change along the way
unless
people are like, Peter Parker's white
but
we're living in that time right now
we're like, Captain Marvel
might have been a woman
that's among the many
what I would call cosmetic things
that should be
if things like that aren't going to be
up for debate then retire the whole library
of all these characters because
they were all white and they were all men
and every once in a while
we would go like, Harlem Man
is here and it's like good for us
I guess
in 1971 but just
acting like because
Harlem Man exists
that Peter Parker can't
become biracial
in a reboot is kind of dumb
because it's like that's asking us
to like
that's a disservice to the entire
Marvel library, the DC library
to go because
it's just a fact, it's just a cultural fact
that
everybody in a comic book
looked a certain way back then
which is now not a definition
of something that's like real life
because it seems like
say what, sorry?
They're not all men as well
Oh yeah, I didn't mean to imply
Yeah, I mean
Are you just going to shit on Catwoman?
My mama? My mama?
Catwoman?
I mean, I
What's
happening?
Hey, do you remember me?
I'm Louise from Brisbane
Oh, Louise from Brisbane
Well, there were a lot of people there, it's a whole opera house
Is the mic picking this up at all?
Okay
Jeff
Yes?
At the Sydney Opera House
You were giving shit to all Australians
You were saying, ah, people from
from Brisbane like this, I think you're all crazy
and I said
Hey, you elected Trump
and it brought the whole house down
and you did like a 180
and you walked back and you came back
Is this fucking true, Jeff?
Did you vote for Trump?
You voted for Trump
What's he saying, true Jeff?
I can't believe this
I cannot believe this, Jeff
Are you telling me you interrupted a show
and started like
talking to people on stage
I don't believe you
I remember you now, because last time
you were sitting audience right, stage left
and you came down and bummed everybody out
from that side, now you're doing it from that side
so sit your ass down
because you were dragged the other time, too
I do remember you now
Are you sure she's the same one, though?
Yes, a fucking yes, exactly
My thought, too, was like, oh my god
I'm having a fucking flashback
You don't get to just charge the stage
You did it last time from over here
at the Sydney Opera House and you came down
and you were shouted down by the crowd
There's one charge
Oh no, there's two
Okay, you guys got to sit down
For real, for real
I don't think that's a same person
No, it's exactly her
I remember her vividly now
You were just a voice in the darkness
but now I've seen you visibly
I appreciate your thoughts
and it's okay to pipe in
You don't get to just like
storm the best deal like that
Well, I don't appreciate your thoughts
Thank you, Dan
Because obviously if I say
if I'm in the middle of addressing
the issue of whether or not it's okay
for Peter Parker to be biracial
and the way I expressed
the backdrop of my point
is to say that everybody
in comic books was a white man
in 1930
helpful or accurate
to bother to go
What about Wonder Woman? No, that's not the point
Of course I don't mean
everything all the time
absolute everything
I'm like painting with these strokes
to make a point about the movement of these things
like
the idea that I forgot
Wonder Woman while trying to move
toward wokeness
is infuriating
I'm glad you're in period
No, no, no, no, no
God, I fucking remember this so much
She was standing
because it was a very raked theater
so it was very steep seating
and she came down over here and she did the exact same thing
but right there in my left eye
and now it's on my right eye and I say
It was so
My memory of it was that it was
very punctuated in Australia
because they were much more like
they're probably like
they were just very quick to be like
I was on stage
You don't have a microphone
For real, just like
have security take that
That's the cool thing
because it seems as though
it seems like these
these comic books and these universes are like music
in that you're allowed to reinterpret them
if you do a good job
So if you do like a remix
of a very classic song
it seems like
people are psyched about that
Is that the same with superhero movies?
We can make Superman have a different trait now
Yeah, I don't know
People have a shit
hemorrhage if you
fuck with Superman's
canonical list of abilities
So if you make him
not bulletproof
just because that'll be more fun
I think that's fucked up
if that's what you're saying
Did they
He always had heat vision
and he's always had the ability to blow cold
But in the very beginning
I don't think he can actually just fly
That's sort of like how Homer Simpson
starts to look more like the Homer Simpson
we know from the Tracy Ulman
show
Characters that can fly
often start as characters that can
leap tall buildings
than the leaping just
turns into flying over time
But I think that for my money
the
way to modernize Superman
is to start from the
is not to worry about
whether or not he can do this
or can do that, start from the point of assumption
that he can do everything
and then ask yourself in a modern context
what does that mean to us
how would we react to that person
and how would he react
to being perceived that way
and what would his goals be
because my
thing with Superman is
who cares about Kryptonite when
in fact he has this much more crippling
weakness which is that he doesn't want
to be a bad person
that's way more fucked up than Kryptonite
if the police tell him
to get down on his knees
and put his hands behind his head
he technically has to
unless he wants to be a criminal that day
he's privileged
in the sense that the cops probably won't say it
but he probably won't kill him
so those are fun stories
where it's like oh Superman
he's a criminal because he's questioning
this congressman or whatever
it seems to me like that's the way to go
do you ever read J.J. Abrams
Superman script fly by
do you ever read him
he didn't use
Kryptonite either what he did was
he said
Superman didn't need Kryptonite because
he was raised
by humans and his mother
he's adopted mother and father
we're saying
don't run as fast as you can
don't show people how strong you really are
always do less than what
don't reach your potential because
if you ever do they'll take you away from us
or they'll dissect you
or you'll be a monster
which is growing up in the Midwest
yeah exactly
but that was very interesting
how do you supplement your powers
it was about a Superman
who was like I don't know
how fast I really can go
I might be able to go
as fast as faster than anything
ever I might be able to lift
anything
he has no idea
so that I thought was very interesting
yeah also psychologically if you had an inborn
let's say you had an inborn sense of
morality all those dangerous concepts
like the idea of like
that came from a different species
and let's say somehow that species through
either genetic or mimetic evolution
had kind of like a benchmark
morality to them where
you start from
a baseline of like
yeah don't be a piece of shit
and then you're transplanted to
a savage planet
where you're then raised by parents
who are telling you yeah you're special
but be careful
don't flash those powers
they'll take you away so
you're motivated by not being taken away
and then on top of that you're also being reinforced
the whole time with this
you'll feel
you'll never be tempted unlike a sort of wish fulfillment
thing where you're like
well wait a minute
if I did
use these powers and stopped giving a shit
what everyone else thinks
I could be rich
or I could be successful
but then there's a loop there possibly
with Superman where he doesn't want
to be rich
or a rock star or successful
he only wants the one thing
which is actually quite difficult for him to achieve
which is a sense of belonging
he doesn't because he knows he's essentially
deformed
he's like he can't if he's not
careful he could karate chop your head off
while he's like passing the
salt
and so he's like embarrassed
about that is even though we would go
there's nothing to be embarrassed about because
you should just use that to either rob banks
or stop people from robbing banks
see I would love to see that as him at high school
and he says can you
can you eat those Doritos and accidentally knock
somebody's heads off and then
then he just like moves away
I guess I gotta go to a different
high school again
because I can't explain what's going on
I'm just like hey how you doing
yes I'm the new
student Schmarch-Ment
Schmarch-Ment
is this helping?
I like that his powers make him a loser
not super
it's kind of an interesting take
he's the opposite of Kung Fu
he just kills people by accident
by accident and has to leave town
every episode
it's always like
there's always some kind of thing that he takes care of
you know and then he's like
you know it's great a handshake
oh Jesus oh okay
gotta move again
gotta go
did you get your results of that Briggs Meyer test
did you get your results
he's a mediator
yeah you were there when I did it
well I forgot your results okay
I don't think that was a fair test
I thought you answered the questions very
accurately but I didn't think
that the results kind of
encapsulated you
it felt like I was affected by everybody at the table
you know
I was sitting there very passively
I know I know but I'm just my own
you mean everybody else
I meant everybody but you
where were you guys
when you conducted the test
Beelman's bar
and Dan you want to explain
what we're talking about to everybody else
in the room
is it Briggs Meyer or Meyer's Briggs
I think all the kids know about it now
I think they kind of like
some people
they'll put their
signifiers
on their dating profile
which
I thought about that and I was like
yeah I thought I went through
a cycle I was like well I would love to know
yours
before a blind date with you because
not to like
stack the deck but to actually
just be like
you know
you could actually
the equivalent of like
a failed first date could be
actually created by
reading for 20 minutes like
kind of like oh this is a different personality
this person actually blah blah blah
and that maybe then
but if you were and if you were down with that
then you could show up to the first date
more prepared to have it not be
a disaster because you'd be like
well I already know that this person
is such a thing as a person in the world
that believe it or not isn't that interested
in this or that or whatever
but then I thought about it more and I was like
I don't think I want
I think there's too many dishonest people in the world
so like
who wants
I think what's most valuable is maybe
doing your own thing and knowing who you are
but then putting it out on a satellite
dish for other people
it's like
it's just like
it
also there's like crazy people that would like
take the test and they'd go
I'm a thing of a bob
and then they'd be so into it that
they would like fuck those people
Dan did you
you took the test?
what was the result?
I am an I and
wait
we did yours and you're the buttmaster
oh yeah yeah
that's it
you're the buttmaster
I'm a logician
I think it's like I
N
TP
what is that
introvert
narcissists
poopy pants
toilet paper
you're an introverted narcissistic toilet paper
I will say
for my money
because I remember
when I
I remember getting a link to take it years ago
I remember taking it
and I remember getting same thing
same result, the logician
and I looked at it a little bit and I was busy at the time
and I was like it sounds like me but whatever
so the horoscopes went by
and then Cody sent me a link
a couple weeks ago
and I did it again
and that's why I remember because I was like this sounds familiar
I got the same thing
and then on top of that when she told me what hers was
she was like oh wait a minute
this is like horoscopes because I also remember
the campaigner
why do I remember that so vividly
but it turns out the reason I do is because
she also took it years ago
and got that same result
so both Cody and I have taken it twice
several years apart
and gotten the same personality category
what does yours mean
what is it?
logician
logical
I'm going to leave a rabbit
in my hat
we might get her out of this water
or we'll just come back
and see if she swims
I'm going to saw a lady one-third
the way through
pick a card
tell me what card it is
oh look you're a magician
it's very accurate
I can't remember most of it
I just remember going wow that's me
so you're logical
that's it
you know that's not that simple
it's more like
a value placed on
the idea of logic
which can
make for a very emotional person
you know
it's very accurate
it can make for a very emotional person
I think
logicians are actually given to tantrums
a little bit more because they don't know how to handle
their actual feelings
because they
actually do believe
and practice
the idea that there is such a thing as truth
and that truth is more important
than
everything else
but also like very
I was happy to see
I've always felt that way about myself
that
in spite of this very meritocracy
kind of mind
which now we've come to associate
with the sort of creepy archetype
online
you just don't even want to hear that word right now
but
within that
the idea of being truly open
to
you don't care about hierarchy
you really would prefer
things to be on a flat plane
and
so that you could just be
extraordinary at your own thing
and everybody else could too
that the truth
would out and everybody would
improve themselves and stuff
and then along the way
things
the downsides that are typical
are like okay this is not a person
that is always thinking about your feelings
when they're talking
because they're trying to get their thoughts straight
they're very comfortable
going off half cocked
they'll figure it out as they're talking
and
they love explaining
and they want to create
a system and stuff
and they believe the universe is a system
and there's something to figure out
and then creatively for that reason
endless revisions
and never ending
not finishing of projects
and stuff which was kind of a
bummer I mean how do you feel when you
just in general
when you the idea of like
oh there's 16 personalities here's yours
I think the effect on me was
sort of like a simultaneous
kick in the nuts
and lifting
up
so not contradictory just kick to the nuts so hard
that you're lifted up
a teeter totter
the
because it's like
on one hand you are what you are
and it's kind of
because I think everybody wants to be special
for the purpose of
contributing everybody wants to be special
so that they can fit in
isn't that crazy people really do want a job
what about
what about Wonder Woman
whatever
I did forget her
that's so spiteful that everybody laughed
at him saying Wonder Woman so much more
than her back there they were just like
Wonder Woman
let that be a lesson
pick your moment
that's the funny way of doing it
right
stand up and walk up to the stage
but it is an interesting concept
that you get the woody
from Toy Story kind of thing
of that idea of finding out that
you're unremarkable
in a certain sense that there are others of you
that you're a category
don't look at me man
it can be
that's what the internet has
given us is the idea of no matter how fringe
you are there's always going to be at least
500 other people out there somewhere
you don't have to get in a plane to find them
that's uplifting always
oh who else here
I just watched the Flat Earth documentary
have you guys watched it
I started watching it but I didn't get it all the way through
it's a little less heartbreaking and shitty
than you might think it is
because I know you know that basically
probably all Flat Earthers
I remember on this podcast I would always be like
Flat Earthers are basically heroes right
because how could you commit
and then like everything else
the election changed everything because it was just sort of like
oh this is
just another expression of
anti-intellectual revolution
and like I'm not charmed by it anymore
but
it's worth watching it's a charming documentary
they
and there's some uplifting
parts to it too that do feel like
actually actionable items
especially
for people who
look
the scientific community kind of like
the idea that maybe it's
it's important to
that it's not
scientific to
ridicule people
it accomplishes nothing
if your scientific goal is for people to value science
and you know that you live in a world
where for whatever reason
there are people who are pushed so far away
that they're in a dark dirty corner
making up their own science
and you gotta know scientifically
that you're never gonna bring them back
by laughing at them
not that they're not funny
but if that's your goal
if it's your goal to bring them back
then you gotta know as a scientist
that
the way to bring them back is you're gonna have to
go way more than
what's fair in their direction
like they're not gonna meet you halfway
as one of them
there's a guy that's interviewed in it
and
he's a physicist at Caltech
and I recognized him because I was on a panel with him
Rick and Morty
kind of science panel
science panel?
I know, yeah
and he had such a cool
so many cool things to say
a lot of the scientists in the documentary
it's like there's this evolution that's being forced
upon us where it's like
hey man
okay so
now we've got this other danger
there's gonna be people that are gonna be so
like revenge of the nerds
happened, it's over
the nerds are in control
now there's
like
people
gathering in little clusters
who are
suffering from
confirmation bias and
whatever it's called Kepler Allen
person's project disorder
Dunning Kruger
and the documentary does a really good
humanizing job
of illustrating that absolutely perfectly
showing their little meats
and editing it in such ways
where
everything kind of becomes really
clear and humanizes everybody
and
there's scientific communities where
it's like the woke version of being a scientist
now
is like they're
is
talking to each other
scientists that are qualified that know
everything talking to each other and saying
what are we gonna do about these guys
they're not going away
they're not enchanted by us
they're
waiting for everyone to get so
into fucking
logic that they
flock to us
I love like on Twitter
Professor Brian Cox
he'll engage with some flat
earthers once in a while and it's hilarious
because he just shows them images
and shows them like
and gives them a reason but
they only see that reason and that logic
as proof
that there's something to fight against
there's a really great sequence in this documentary
where they
one of the more scientifically
minded people is explaining
the difference between
this
point A to point B
scientific process where
as much as none of us
want to be wrong if you're a true scientist
you're like if I'm wrong
I'm wrong and kind of moving forward
to whatever conclusion is actually there
and then him
breaking down the very common
reverse of that process where
you've decided what your conclusion
is and how you kind of weed
things out and backwards paint this arrow
from B to A
and while he's explaining that
you're
they're editing it with a conversation
with a wonderful charming
human guy that
I don't want to see suffer
it was explaining that
he they're so into
flat earth that they bought
a $20,000 gyroscope
they raised the money because
they knew that if
the earth
really was round that
you should be able to get a gyroscope
that would register a 15 degree per hour
shift
in the tilt or whatever and they just
those things are really expensive so they raised the money
and they get this $20,000 gyroscope
in the mail and they open it up
and as soon as they open it up they turn it on
and it's registering a 15 degree
an hour shift and then they start
putting it in different containers made of
different things to shield it from the
glass dome above us
because they're and so he's
explaining that process
which is an adventure to him an adventure
that starts with like a I know
what windmill is what
and
it but the
they're editing it back and forth of someone explaining this
is how this works like you
that the earth is flat so now
getting this gyroscope is just
it's like the Joker escaping
from Arkham it's like a job to do you've got to
figure out how to
defeat him and
and so they're trying to figure out and that
reminds them of experimentation
and science and because it looks
the same thing but what
you're doing is
like that guy is like
he's at these
meetups and they're like
he's having these like private conversations
over in the corner of the bonfire
party and he's kind of explaining to somebody like
yeah it's
I'm not going to bring up
the gyroscope this year at the Flat Earth
Con it's a big
kind of a bug bear
yeah
we're going to do some more experiments
I brought it up before I won't repeat
it but like I had a lift driver and he
was a Flat Earther and
I asked him 20 questions he gave me
20 answers that he had
ready to go
we're all of them
number one here's the number one
the top five
starting with number 20 going
to number one
number 20 coming in
we've done this before but like
not all 20 of them here we go
20 questions and answers
about Flat Earth
he was an intelligent guy but I was like
you're using navigation
right now on your phone
to get me from
meltdown to the drawing
that's green
he had it
number 19
one of the more fascinating things is of course
is you might expect the division
like you have those solidarity but then
the divisions
the infinite plain people
from the pheasant under glass people
I don't know how they differentiate but like
um
there's like
as soon as you become a prominent Flat Earther
you have a podcast that like people follow
now you're a dispenser of information
which by virtue of the same kind of oppositional defiant
like engine that's powering
the religion of the group
and I would say
if you're a woman and if you're
reasonably attractive
like this one woman is and this thing
like she's
she's easy on the eyes and she has
like a Skype podcast with this other guy
who's like
who literally lives in his mom's basement
and you really like hate these people
you're just sort of like oh you guys are cute
and um and they're because they're
good natured I mean they just happen to think
the earth is flat and they're truly dedicated to it
but like the crazy thing is like then the
the brief dip they take
into the dark forest of
okay here's what it's like to be a woman
and be a Flat Earther
because immediately
the last three letters of her first name
are CIA because she's Patricia
so I mean that's
just asking for it
her last name is steer so she's clearly
a honeypot that's been sent to seduce
Flat Earthers and steer them the wrong
way toward the NASA
governed thing like everybody's a robot
and everybody's what's the first
day of conspiracy
factory
your office or whatever like
okay all right what's your name
we gotta change that
we gotta what will we do I'm thinking
steer because you're gonna be like why
would you do that's always the
that's such an important linchpin to
conspiracy theory universe is that the
Illuminati love bragging
because if they didn't love bragging
so much of this shit wouldn't make sense at the end
of the day you're like why would they put
the ghost in Tom Selleck's living room in
three men and a baby because they're trying
to tell us they want us to
know
why would they let
this copy of Back to the Future get out
if it's crawling with 9-11 predictions
this movie is crawling
because the whole point is to do
9-11 right in front of you
it makes the 9 and the 11
so delicious that you knew about it
it's like when you soak a tortilla chip in the salsa
if I'm repeating a thing
from previous podcast and fuck it but
Rob I told the driver I go okay
because I said but why
do we see eclipses as a circle on the moon
like because we're all just it's just
flat discs that are casting shadows and
things but like every time
like like like why is it a curve
and this and he had an answer of
a bullshit answer but he had an answer
and I said let's say you and
I stood a hundred miles
apart on the equator and walked
due north
I'm saying
that at one point you and I would meet each other
because we live on a sphere
and he goes no
we would keep walking straight I go and then
what would happen at the end he goes I said
would we fall off and he goes no because
there's a ridge at the end and you can't fall off
it's ice it's a wall of ice
yeah that's that's dumb
and I said
I said oh you're a moron
and I laugh he goes I said no I'm sorry
you're not a moron I go I go but
seriously what do you think what happened
he goes I said I'm gonna fly you and
me we're gonna be a hundred
miles apart on the equator and walk north
he goes if you pay for it I'll do it
that's how they get you that's how they
get you and now he's in Barbados
having a fucking time of his life what would
it take for you to believe in the
round earth
chicken margarita
if you like peanut
I guess you're right man let's do it again
next summer
some of these guys thanks for the hotel
some of them
you bought me a hotel like the gyroscope guy
and then they have another experiment that they
want that they're doing in it throughout the movie
where they're like look we're so convinced
they and they come up with a scientific
idea we're gonna take three
beams
we're gonna put them they found
a place where okay we got 3.8 miles
of space
to play with here we're gonna put three beams
equidistant from each other
along this 3.8 mile stretch
3.8 miles
will
equate to a certain amount of if the
curvature
within that within that certain degree of curve
and so
but they're gonna prove that that curvature doesn't
exist by taking a laser
and shining it through
you know three holes
on these things and if the middle
middle one
is going through
the earth ain't flat and so
and then they cut to like a scientist
like hearing about that they just describe
the thing and he's like okay well
okay
alright yeah they're fucked
like he's kind of like yeah no actually
I
it sounds like they're
in trouble
that's a real experiment that you can do they're going to
prove that the earth is round accidentally
and they're gonna be bummed out
and yeah and I won't spoil it but
but
but it is kind of interesting
spoilers the earth is round
it's kind of like it's kind of like not
entirely
there's like so many different camps and like
even just sort of culturally and that
it's not as much as I thought it would be
where it's just like
I'm gonna sharpen my buoy knife
and blame the Jews for everything
and it makes me feel empowered
to do the
scientific equivalent of saying
I don't know that
you know that I didn't do you know
and it's like there's a lot more
joy and
for some of the people who are like the engineers
they're like they're out there
doing these Boy Scout experiments
so they're gonna but the only thing
about it is that they're not gonna take
no for an answer they're gonna because
and there's a very interesting
analysis of that concept too
like where it's like what would you actually do
if it was these guys they have they
have awards shows they give each other awards
they're experiencing joy they're experiencing
I wish
I could I wish a cult would take me
that that's
the joy is you see these groups together like
if you know not that Comic Con is similar
but it is similar in that you will
see people together that you would never
see together and it's a
great thing so like I hear you on like
you don't want to wake them up
yeah but they and then the
the documentary does take responsibility
with some minor piano chords at a certain
point when it touches on like these
people have children
you know and that's not funny
it's not fun it's like
it's cute you get caught up and like this is cute
this is cute this is cute and then it's like
the children
it's like an American movie with
what's his name
Bortchurch or
yeah well yeah I did think of that
in my head I was thinking about that
this is awesome this guy just wants to make movies
then second act or third act
oh he has three children
he has like nine
I was like yeah
alright moving on
boy we got so much to cover
alright let's start
part two
I've already talked about this
here we go part two
I've already talked about it
after a commercial break
we're gonna go back Dan's gonna
blow your mind with the second half
I've already talked about this
last week I talked about wrong place wrong time
this is another true crime
uh
linguistic
thing I would like to
that irritates you
you don't like it
welcome to the part of the podcast we call
get off my lawn words
lawn words
that's your new mug Rob get off my lawn words
get off my lawn
words
get off my lawn words
everybody get off my lawn
all your words
all your words get off my lawn
all my lawn
words
wait wait wait
Dan doesn't like something
everybody listen up
I didn't deserve that at all
no no no go ahead
that's like if I was
backing a truck of chicken
out of a
restaurant and stopped
for a marathon of bicyclists
and the last one kicked my truck
I fucking waited
and I got chicken to move
you guys are just dicking around
trying to act Italian
I'm sorry
that he thinks it's Italian
Dan I'm sorry
I've made fun of you
get off
my lawn
words
get off my lawn
I'm going to do this for at least 30 more
times by the way
alright Dan what's on your mind
look I just
I've said it before I'll say it again
I think that
when we're dealing with children's
undergarments in true crime shows
they can all be
underwear
I don't understand why a 3 year old
missing girl
if you find her underwear
why do we have to call them panties
I don't
I understand
like I'm not saying if you're a parent
and you call your toddlers
underwear if there's a girl
like if you feminize the underwear
the forensic thing
and then we took the panties
and we looked for semen
like why do they have to
they can just be underwear
that's not going to be an inaccurate way to describe them
no one's going to go like what
did you have a dick
they're still underwear
panties is just a kind of
substrate of underwear
that we use when we want to feminize
undergarments
I hope at this point we cut to me and Spencer doing
me andy's ad
but it's just like remember the
John Bonet special and like
I love him
Henry Lee like the rockstar
but he was just like
there was a John Bonet special
thick accent and he's just like oh
it took panty and all the panty and the semen
stain oh there's so much semen under panty
and I was just like
the special
it was a special like they did the rainbow
special
and then like
yeah the solid gold dancers came out
it wasn't a series and it wasn't a movie
what do you fucking want from me
he was that special
what is it if it's not a series or a movie
I don't want to hear the word panties anymore
unless
you're over a certain age
I don't want to
we found your panties
I don't like it
panties is a weird word just to begin with
panties they're like they can retire that shit
yeah also like you know what
cookies like we
everything's cooked but we got
the only one thing is a cookie
they should be called bakies
if I make an omelet
that's a cookie too
I cooked my omelet
alright
you like that
I'm on board
Rob what do you think about that
it doesn't say where did cookie come from
that had to be
yeah
do you care to call them biscuits we call them cookies
that seems fucking way too sweeping
for me
you never cook a cookie
you bake a cookie
and there's no way that the
cookie technology is so old
that it's like we fucked up
do you pop a sickle
no
what's up Seinfeld
what's wrong with people
who has ever popped a sickle
why do they call them sweaters
there's no ice and ice cream
what's up
there's a little bit of ice
yeah cause panties is like
you said there's no ice
you said there's absolutely no ice
it's not true
remember me
sit down
by Jove I think she's got it
I think she's got it
I'm dedicated to accuracy
I'm a good girl I am
I won't tolerate Misha Goss
anybody know how this Captain Marvel
movie did this weekend
anybody here
on it's way to make one billion dollars
the consistent thing right now in March
which is a support for women's
month
at least this thing that said
now statistically
women's movies make more than men's movies
so let's make more women's movies
and get that sweet sweet paper
alright
I agree
cause then we can make more dick movies
it does seem like an end run cause like the tradition
the old 80's tradition is like
oh the ladies movie
flowers of forgotten
love and then you're like
the chauvinist male is like
chick flick or whatever but it's like
there's so much steam behind
the idea that
if Captain Marvel's a woman and we're making progress
it's like the guys could just
if they could just calm the fuck down
and sit back what they're getting on a silver platter
is like they're doubling
their
their control over
their hegemony cause like now
their girlfriend's gonna be like
I wanna go see Wonder Woman and it's like
well thank god there's fucking lasers in it
like don't
take your fucking blessings
whatever the expression
take your gift horse's teeth
and put them in a cup
and get the hell out of that tooth bank
tooth bank
sorry what were you saying Brandon? that was it
that was saying tooth bank and when's the Harlem Man movie
coming out? Harlem Man
what is Harlem Man's
origin story Dave?
he was bit by
he was in a tenement building
his momma sent him down
to the furnace room
the boiler room but there were drug dealers down there
that were using the boiler
to hide
contraband but what they didn't know is that
the contraband was actually like a new
it was like a new designer drug that was using
LexCorp funded like microwave
radiation and it made
the boiler blow up
giving him the power to
speak
the truth
so you're just going to rip off the Jackson 5
same premise
all five of them
all five just went down to the boiler room
when they went down there there was only one of them
oh that's their power
to speak the truth
it's like they
they blast them down until like an array of
Jackson's
they're like Voltron like Jermaine's
like the arm and fucking
Tito's the leg and fucking
Tito is the leftovers
ah
come on
give Tito a break man
what happened to Rockwell?
man I feel like there's these times in life
where you make just enough money and you're like alright
I feel like that dude
he was Barry Gordy's kid
he was already kind of rich
he made it
I always feel like somebody's watching me
but the lyrics are like it's Rockwell
who's Michael Jackson's cousin
just going like
hey it's me Rockwell
and I took a shower
and I got kinda scared
that someone was gonna stab me and then it's like
Michael Jackson comes in for the
I always feel like
oh that's Michael Jackson
that's cheating
it's absolutely cheating
it's like the way
Phil Collins will use sting sometimes
but you know what
I just watched Purple Rain again
what's his name
Morris Day
that's his movie
Prince is not a great actor
he's a great performer but he's a shit actor
in the same way that David Bowie is not a great actor
he's a great performer
but fucking Morris Day he's good in that movie
I mean I'm team Prince
in that movie and it polarizes you
you do have to pick a side
I'm just saying
the movie that demands you pick a side
it fucking absolutely does
didn't Morris Day in the Times
break up just before that movie came out
like
no I felt like they were together for a little while
because the ice cream album
Ice Cream Castles is right after the show
you are young
nicely done
you are free
let's be together
interracially
yeah
you are white
vanilla
and chocolate
I just came up with this
the fucking bird
the bird fucking rocks
and then he did the oak tree
because he was like give that bird a place to land
then he did
but he was all about the cashmere
then he did the end table
or camel hair
what was it
he had the white fucking coat on
but it's crazy because
it's two hair bands basically
going at each other in Minnesota
and there's a rivalry and he's a bad guy
they all go to each other's shows
and they all stand in the back
like it's like
look at this motherfuckers eye makeup
but then the prince
what was it
yeah
I love that he licks his hand first
like oh I've got to clean myself
yeah he's like a little
you bring a mirror out
greatest job in all of music
is to hold a mirror
for Morris Day
is that purple rain
the
what album
is Take Me With You on
it's purple rain
so best part of that song
to be around you
oh so that
you're sheer perfection
thank you
such a great
yeah
you don't get that kind of reciprocity
like it's just healthy
it's self care
like the therapist was
wandering through the studio that day
and was like keep that in
like
we were going to cut it
thank you
you know why she said it
she felt complimented
the same therapist told James Brown
it's okay to want to kiss yourself
jump back first
don't hurt yourself
kiss yourself
okay well I don't know
why I keep looking at my notes
I got panties and Briggs Meyer test
I didn't even write down panties
I knew I was going to remember that
it's a weird word
I just hear it all the time
yeah it's not good
I found a new true kind podcast
lobster
that's a strange one
continue
get off
my lobster
what's your beef with lobster Rob?
well it's two words
together
and it doesn't describe
what it is
it's just two syllables together
it's not two words
lobster is not a word
it kind of is a foreboding thing
but they're going to be lobbed into water
and then stirred into their doom
it could be a mnemonic device
then I love it
how do you feel about hamster?
I love that too
hey what the fuck is a gerbil?
is there a wild gerbil?
did gerbils exist in the wild?
he was the
Hitler's propaganda minister
I think
are there gerbils and hamsters in the wild?
what about guinea pigs?
they're not pigs
are they from guinea?
just
the greatest part
he is staring at you and you refuse to look
that 90% is
the greatest fucking thing
it's what
it's what black kids
oh no
exterminate
rob is weaponized his desk
gerbils are really mean hamsters
that don't do tricks
whereas a hamster can fill its side pouches with food
a gerbil is like a domesticated rat
wow
my mom was a daycare center teacher
for gerbils?
yeah for gerbils
fucking so much money
you know what I mean?
so much fucking money man
so much fucking money
making that gerbil money
so we would get
wasn't that the love interest in issue 3 of Harlem Man
the daycare center teacher
the underpaid like
I told you you can't come here till the students are gone
I just wanted to warn you
that Lex Luth is up to no good again
I wish he was doing something like helping these kids
girl I have so much on my mind
I can't help nobody right now
girl that's your job
to take care of the children while I fly into the sky
we need you more than ever right now
you stupid
I will never eat your pussy
whatever
listen
you gonna need to double date with me
Aquaman gonna be there
and he wants to
you gotta make us look good
cause he says he's better than you
oh because he can swim
oh
I am not getting my hair wet
hey hey sorry sorry sorry
this is great but
okay I thought about bringing up this before
and I said I don't want to interrupt
but now I do
so
okay so
why you were referring to like Aquaman
was like a punchline
hey why don't you go talk to fish
Aquaman we're gonna all go take a
why didn't Aquaman like
go to Batman and go what can you do
can you breathe underwater
can you talk to fish no you've got a car
go fuck yourself
you can't breathe underwater
I can do it forever
how about you you can oh you
bought your way in there
fuck this shit
wouldn't Batman be like what do we eat
hold your breath underwater
you guys are making fun of me and talking to fish
my parents are dead
hey if I was your parent
I'd kill myself
fucking Aquaman
whoa
whoa bro
I'm sick of this
yes I can talk to fish
and none of you motherfuckers can
and they all hate you
I'm Mario Lopez you gotta turn to the channel 38
you can see Aquaman
it goes in a really weird direction
starts off with a lot of weird shit
I'm gonna grow a beard I don't give a shit
it'll get in my eyes but I'll look good
when I come out of the water
talk to a fish
what are you gonna
talking to a fish
maybe you should listen
I am a lot
let me tell you what a fish is
a fish is the SUV of worms
fucking shots fired
look alive fish
evolutionarily you've taken no risks
you've just added to fucking gas tanks
and like you want to be able to
see over smaller cars
I would like to talk to
like a
like a seahorse
just to say like what's up with that
like evolutionarily
like how does that fucking
score you points
you saw a question mark and said I'll have one of those
yeah
this is a deaf jam comic
is into fucking marine
biology
what's up with this seahorse
how you gonna call yourself the daddy
and you shit not all them babies
I
don't have no damn
baby's man
I'm trying to get drunk
jellyfish I get because
they're just a bunch of snot that lives forever
I'll sign it for that job
like you can't fuck up a jellyfish
unless it runs into a boat
like they live forever
they're immortal
why isn't there jellyfish man
you should get on that
you're doing all this superhero stuff
you're doing it
put jellyfish man in there
story bully
you don't call it man-a-war
you call it woman-a-war because it's
what about Wonder Woman
thank you it was stupid
somebody in the car went stupid
and I'm on your side sir
did someone call woman-a-war
but
but she's not portuguese
isn't portuguese man-a-war
alright
there's like a whole whitewash scandal
they're like why didn't they cast a portuguese person
we had to make it a woman
why is woman-a-war from basque country
so close to lisbon you could have done a fucking
two lightskins to play a portuguese man-a-war
they're saying that will smith
is two lightskins
to play
I didn't know there was more
I'm just going to let that shit sit right there
next on Harmontown
two lightskins to what
he's two lightskins to play serena williams dad
after just having played a blue genie
I don't know what the fuck
you cannot
you cannot make people happy
we have talked about the whole like
what was the shazam alibaba
sinbad
the thing that millennials
where they think that they're living in a parallel universe
because they think they remember a movie
but
it seems clear to gen Xers
what's going on is that they're just
racist
that they're kind of like they conflated
like different thoughts
constructs and things where they're like there's a guy named sinbad
and then there's like this
anyways alright
and then baronstein bears things
anti-semites
also not real bears
the baronstein bears is crawling
with 9-elevens did we ever
did anybody
did anybody ever
did we ever activate anybody to look into
that hadge pock
lick well like
baron trump traveling through china
I don't know I didn't did any
I even nobody cared
what happened
oh sorry how do I
catch you up
there was a rob found a thing
it was like a youtube video by a guy
who found a book
published in the 1800s
about a kid named baron trump
who travels through time and becomes the last president
or whatever I'm getting some details wrong
but
I'm sure somebody
on reddit said
we were wrong
was that an actual thing
like fudging that
I don't know there's a book called
1900 or the last president
that is about
a
a little boy who
is called baron trump
whose mentor is named
the don and
he lives on fifth avenue
in new york where trump tower is
and this is legit or this is
apparently yeah I mean like
I mean we don't really know
we'd have to read the
book this is what the video is saying is the
I think we're hoping that in a world where
if I clear my throat wrong
there's 10 paragraphs written about it
that we could maybe use that energy
in our favor and like have people
you know go out and
research this thing
are they really commenting on you
that way
I actually did go through the reddit because again I
I was looking for my
my real audio porn
and
I was glad I stumbled through there
because it wasn't like lethal
like it was an uplifting
feeling like you probably shouldn't
live your life you probably shouldn't
have shit you refuse to do
in places you refuse to go
that's probably no matter what
as much as that feels like self-care
at certain points
and maybe temporarily that's a good measure
like withdraw from something
build a wall but
not the best word
the word wall
you probably don't want that there forever
because it's like having a cast
on your leg you're gonna
so what did you discover
and I just looked through and I was like well this isn't that bad
what's the worst someone's gonna say
he's a despicable asshole
like well prove it
so are you
also it's better to
read it from
distance
more importantly a bunch of nice stuff
like clearly just a bunch of people who are very
like they're like
you know somebody like
there was a thread where somebody was like
I hate this reddit behavior
but like or I should just call it online behavior
someone's like can someone
satisfy a question for me and he's just like
this isn't gonna be a real question and there's like
what is it you find entertaining about this podcast
because I just doesn't it just seem like
it's just a terrible prayer you just don't understand
I really I genuinely love
I'm not doing anything that
would make me accountable to an opinion
and stating it in an unhealthy way
I'm genuinely just seeking information
like please please tell me
tell me how to enjoy Harmontown
and what was nice was just like
just like a gentle cascade
like like of
a bunch of people going sounds like it's not for you
and it was like like
oh that's got to be the result of a
cultivation of something even if it's just
wearing people down
just erosion of the human psyche but like
like just it was just softness
it was just like a million people
going like yeah I don't I mean yeah
I don't why would you why would you
get on the internet listen to something and then
don't don't sounds like you hate it get out of here
not not get out of here
but just people and then and then laced
within there people going like yeah
what are you gonna do a guy guy talks
for two hours a week for fucking
80 years like
oh boy
what a what a what a terrible time that one time
was who cares like they're they're the
Facebook group actually mobilizes
raises funds does things
reaches out to each other they like treat each
other like family there's less
like shit talking it's actually super
interesting to see which
which medium
Facebook
this guy loves Facebook I do love
you should call you you should call you Brandon
face that's not an original
book you got to
have a hidden drunk the Facebook
drunk and your name doesn't lend itself to
wordplay at all
two weeks ago you said I'm bad at names
but it is cool to see like that
versus the reddit because
they they're the same
it's the same fan base but they're
two totally different kids
like those cats are like
on Facebook they're like we're raising
money for and
so and so feels down so let's let's lend a little
love versus some of the
criticism that we receive on reddit I had
an epiphany because I'm listening to this new
podcast like Cody and I call him Asperger
detective leader
the the title of the show
is called like cold case
something it's the most innocuous title
it's like cold case murder files
or something it's like the most generic thing
and it's just this guy
his name is Kyle something
and he's like hey everybody
it's me Kyle something
and I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna tell you
about the JonBent Ramseym
case and this is a very
curious case because a lot
of people have a lot of opinions about it
but what they don't understand is that it's
all about evolution swarming
and the redirection of light
and he's so
so
spectromy that it all
goes continually almost to the
point of sexy and
before plummeting
into
he's a personality and we're addicted
to him and we like him and we
but like I had
kind of an epiphany while Cody was reading
his iTunes reviews
because I was like people are going to be mean
to this guy because he sounds
like he's sucking on a Jolly Rancher all the time
like the microphone is like real close
to his mouth and so there's just sort of like this
like
it
and I
Asperger detective
and people were like hitting his like
just everything about his inflection
because for a while he has
a pattern where every sentence has to
end like this and there's all of these
he's explaining everything and I'm explaining
everything and and so everyone's like
what are you a valley girl why does the sentence have to go
like people are really and I was like
I was like listening to these things and I
was cringing on his behalf
but and then atoning
with that that cosmic force
because I was like boy I
sure hope
that this
doesn't
affect him
and I think these
because
what good would that do
I mean
outside of like if he was like oh I should take the Jolly Rancher
out and I think you can hear him like
I think you can hear him start to like try to
force himself to like I think he is
like we were Cody and I were analyzing and going
I think he is seeing some of this stuff and it is
maybe
hurting him or not but in any case he's like
adjusting and
but but the most important thing like
like
oh god what like
I don't know it's just like fresh eyes on this
concept of like people have like
talking about him because he's a product
he's put himself out there
he has 13 listeners
he has 13
patreons
and so he's like
he's not worth
taking down
but people are drifting through
and they're like they got a lot to say
some people
have a lot to say about how deep and thoughtful he is
really go for the jugular about
his very on the cuff
flaws
and
it was just sort of an educational process for me to go
oh well
okay I hear all that
I can laugh at all that I can
they observe the same thing they're observing but
god what a tragedy it would be
if he let any of this
like fuck up his day
I don't know
I don't think I'm able to articulate my point
there's just sort of like
then putting myself back in the
position where it's like wait a minute
you're a fucking dude
like putting this thing out it's a product
you're a build-a-bear
you're a character you're a thing
talk about you and they don't want, none of them would want you to ever be like,
oh well that's gonna make me change everything about my life or I'm gonna, I'm gonna kill myself
now or I'm gonna stop doing this or start doing that because they would be like, whoa, whoa,
whoa, what part of me listening didn't you understand? I'm just like, the internet is where
you can just type about this stuff. I'm just a couple of ear holes like sucking your shit in
and I got nothing to say so I may as well say about this. Like, I didn't want you to fucking have
an opinion about the human species because, because of this stuff, but I can't figure out,
you know, at what point you're supposed to- It's a weird motivation. I just don't know,
like, because I was like, I don't think anybody wants you in the subreddit really, like, because
as much as they'd be excited that you were there, in the long term they'd be like,
what am I supposed to, like, police myself and talking about, oh I hate it when he talks about
this or when he does that. A little bit. Maybe they should, but. A little bit. A little bit,
because we really are doing the best that we can. And we make a product, and sometimes we dip in
there to see how the product's getting received because we want to make sure that you like the
shit we like. But if people wanted to have to worry about that, they'd go to their own Thanksgiving
dinners. Like, oh, Uncle Bob heard you talking about the Packers and now he's throwing a shit
fit in the kitchen and it's like, that's the thing that people are getting away from when they
consume other people. Strangers. They just go, oh, and they, and they actually, if anything, they
like to, like, I think they, you know, you pour more into it in terms of like love and hate and
like judgment and opinions and stuff. It's like actually a reflection of how far, how hard you're
trying to get away from the mess that is your own life. They're just like, oh, I hate Becky on the
home shopping channel when she honks that horn. Like, you're just, you're engaging in consumption.
If you keep it at that level, when you start to make it personal, though, it's certainly something
that you need to question your motivation. Because like, when I open my mouth to speak,
I'm trying to make people laugh or do something decent versus like somebody who thinks that
they're crafting some incredible shit talk. That's a whole different beast at which points
you're sort of calling yourself out. So there's a, there's a point that you made that I agree with,
which is like, you're, you're trying to run away from your own shitty life by talking shit. And I,
I definitely think people should be allowed to talk shit. But when it gets personal, you got to
ask yourself, am I, do I, am I negating that this person has experiences that they've been through
that my comments might actually trigger? Like, I don't want to shit on, I'm not necessarily a David
Hasselhoff fan, but I'm not going to be like, David Hasselhoff's album, I'm not going to make an
account and a fake name just so I can get on a Yahoo chat board and go, David, David Hasselhoff
sucks. And here's the 15 reasons why. Like at that point, David Hasselhoff maybe needs to call you
up and say you outside because I'm outside. At that point, because there, there is this part
where I'm like, if you're so creative with your words, why the fuck would you choose to put me
down? That's like, I travel a lot and I go and yelp all the time just to find a place to eat, like
find some vegetarian food or find the bar or find like a place like that's got this or that,
whatever, I'm craving Italian food or whatever. And I go and yelp places that I know that I like,
like, you know, like I've always, I always go to this place in Seattle and I always go to that,
these two places in Portland and awesomely they have bad reviews because like that means the
assholes aren't going there. Like you read the bad reviews and it was some douchebag that had a bad
date and like, like he won't be there. But like, I know that I can have fun in that place because
like I don't want to see like 7,000 five star reviews on a place because that means everybody's
there. Like, like, so like, sometimes the negativity helps you like, yeah, filter out the tritus.
Yeah, I do think anonymity is like key to our species problem as we join as we move from
real to digital. Like that is just absolutely the key is this concept of anonymity. Because we're,
we are, I have had my career affected by anonymous people. That is something that we were supposed
to reserve for black and white photographs in certain sections of history books that because
that is a brick through a window. You know, like a the reason why Facebook kind of heralded the mass
migration of our parents to the internet was because what they perceived there was something
different from my space, which was, Oh, so I know who I am. And I know who my uncle is. And if I'm
playing Farmville, I can there is there this idea that we could actually just move what we're accustomed
to over onto a digital platform. And then it's like, it's as if we're in the right now, we're in the
worst of both worlds. Because we're, we're just in this process of spending all of our time online.
But we, we were online is currently a place that it the ratio of anonymity to importance
is really something that unlike any culture we've ever experienced. I just think of like
carnival when we were in Venice, and we were learning about the history of this concept of
carnival, where it was like, Oh, they did this one thing. And they thought it was like a one time
thing. And then like the, the nobles were like, we should do this for a month. Oh, like wear masks
and rape people. Yeah. Like, like, like, and like, all of this culture like started to like
overtake the city where it was like, everyone was like, Yeah, this is great. We should just
all do this all the time. I'm a bird. I'm not john. I'm a bird. And like, I do what birds do. And it
was like, it was a sort of like, I remember learning about it and being like, this sounds
very, this is what I've what we're experiencing right now, where it's like, there's a anonymity
in it. In some, some respects, like it's, it can be like a super powerful liberating thing. But
overall, the idea that I think it brings out really, really terrible things. Like it does
because it's the lack of accountability. The only thing keeping you a good monkey is the fear
of all the monkeys beating you up. They, they, they did experiments with bots where they tried
to create politeness bots, where that would detect inflammatory language on Twitter, come into a
conversation and say, Hey, this is this is much easier to program a bot this way than it is to
like a bot that is also easy, which is just like detects Trump's name and just comes in and goes
like nothing burger. But they made, they tried using bots that would like detect like, spikes of
like, energy inflammatory conversations and come in and just be that person in a, in a conflict that
says to an aggressor, Hey, this other person's a person, even though ironically, the bot is not a
person. Maybe you should think of them as a person, that kind of stuff, just kind of kind of like a
lifeguard or something like that. Or maybe like one of those like speed trap mannequins in a cop
car, where it's like they don't have enough cops. And they just, they actually do just want people
to slow down. They don't want to give tickets. So they just put a mannequin in a cop car.
But, and what they found, I think is very interesting, which is that it is absolutely the,
the bots work, that you'll get, you'll get, you'll get people to backpedal, cool down all these
things. If the bot, in addition to doing that has a ton of followers. The is an absolute direct
proportion between like, if the bot has two followers and comes in and says like, Hey,
everybody take it easy. They just, they're just tinder on the fire. It's just like, Fuck, another
faggot. And if they have 100 followers, if they have 1000 followers, if they have 10,000 followers,
it just gets proportionately like, it's more likely that this person who doesn't know this
person because they're a bot, but they have 10,000 illusory followers, the person was more likely
to check themselves before they wrecked themselves. And, and, and the definition of wrecking yourself
is quite simply like everybody has one primal fucking chimpanzee fear, which is you're not
going to live on your own. If everybody gangs up on you and decides you're a douchebag,
you're going to be in the forest wandering around, trying to figure out as a monkey with
those as an ape with no tail, like how to how to avoid spotted leopards when you don't even have
your friends yelling at you. You're dead. That's how chimpanzees kill each other. They just,
they just send Bob Dole off into the woods. They don't bother to rip their nuts off unless
they're young and like trying to start some shit. The old problematic ones, they just go, See you.
And they go, For real me now? Oh, because to be a chimpanzee and to live alone is to die. And
that is why solitary confinement is, you know, torture and et cetera. So, so, so that's the
thing anonymity. If you, that's the, I don't, I think that's, that's fucked up. If you have pure
anonymity on the internet, you're, you're taking an end run around that shit. And I think it's also
actually kind of uplifting if you, because you get, you get, you get in arguments with anonymous
people and they, they can't help but have an attachment to their ego. Anyway, their name is
AIDS Spud. I'm here to piss off women's 69, eat your pussy. Fuck and fuck you. Like, like, like,
they're just, they couldn't have made a clearer decision that they're, what they're going to do
is they're going to go and troll on the internet. It's in the way that you use it. I'm cutting my
fucking hair weird and I'm going to get on there with my bird mask and I'm going to fuck up women.
And you, you could have a conversation with one of these characters and like a lot of times like
they'll be like, yeah, but what about this? And it's like, wait, what, this fucking kid, like,
decided to be absolutely anonymous. They're put, they're wearing a screen mask and wearing a whole,
a running around with a butcher knife and still a lot of them will defend themselves, which they're
like, I'm not an asshole. Like, why would you care about that when you did all of this, put all
this energy? And the answer is because of that, that fear that unites us, which is, fuck, I'm,
I don't want to empirically be found out to be a liability to the species because I will,
it's like fun is fun and games are games and fantasies of lack of accountability are great.
But everybody except sociopaths, like, they can be counted on to have that kind of fear. And I,
I guess I'm old, but I'm kind of like, can we start implementing this now can, or at least
can you please like, if you're talking to someone who you know, like their birth certificate is
their username, like, that's, that's what being famous means. I'm not my name isn't Mr. Fucking
Pickles, dude. I'm like, I'm not doing a character. I'm like a guy, like I was born in 1973 and the
name and the fucking thing and the barcode and the baby footprint. It's my username on Instagram,
my girlfriend too. Like, so you, you're punching down if you have an account that's like,
stick a pine tree up your pussy to 10247333 Trump forever, and you're just like, your girlfriend's
a gold digger and you're a piece of shit. And it's like, like, like, like, okay, you, now that
you have that power, what are you going to fucking do with it? You, you, you wretched fucking little
shit that I was when I was 11. We were like running across each other's yards back then.
It was like, oh, if anybody that said, get off my lawn, they were like, oh, you're evil or my brother.
Get off my lawn, you're evil, evil, evil, evil.
What about that? Hey, this is what about a lawn that what about like a like a monster house,
but the lawn is the lawn is a mummy. The lawn is a mummy.
Mummy lawn, mummy lawn, mummy lawn. Why do they mummify the lawn?
The grass is mummified the lawn to wrap, wrapped up in grass.
Oh, so the grass is the is the wrapping. Yeah, man. So the lawn, so the, we, we walk by
lawns every day and we just think, oh, there's some nice grass, but underneath that grass,
it's all mummies. All mummies. Or at least that one house. That one house. What about a,
what about a Pixar movie called lawns? And each lawn is like a celebrity. And, but there's a lawn
that wants to be on another lawn. Is it called the grass is always greener? No. I thought it was
called lawn. It's called lawns. It sounds like it's called rape culture. It's because I wish I could
be on a lawn. It's not going to work. It's important that I have a place where I can work through
these ideas. Yeah. Thank God. I mean, if I, if I was at home thinking about this, I wouldn't
have any feedback. I'd be like, well, maybe I should pitch this might end up on CBS. You
might end up forced to watch it. Your children might grow up right now in Sweden. They're writing
all these ideas down and building a studio behind it. What if, what if, what if a tree
grew upside down? What if it was like,
like what if it roots? Did you say a root root? What if the roots are up in the air
and then the tree was going down into the ground, right? Yeah, let's call it roots.
Okay. All right. Moving on. What, what about mail? What about mail?
Like, no one knows the secret life of mail. My name, Barry.
Like, uh, you know, the, the postmaster drops off the mail and then like, like, so then you have
like Cliff Clavin's like the voice of a catalog and he's like, oh boy, I can't wait to get taken
up to the dining room table. And then there's like a new character who's like, I'm a citation
or something. I don't know. Yeah, you don't really have relationships with your, your mail. What?
What about a world? Sorry, what? I didn't mean to
do that. I'm a little sleep deprived trying to be anonymous. What about a world where automobiles
are wheels, but instead of the, but they have four little cars, right? Okay. All right. See,
this guy, why am I trying to do this? You're the master. This is what I do guys. The car is made
of wheel. The cars, the cars are wheels and they have four cars. You call it as wheels. Yeah,
yeah. Each wheel is a car. Yeah. Yeah. Do they have a relationship with the macro car? Or is
it fractal based? Is it like, do the, if you zoom in on the, no, it can't be. What fractal? Well,
I mean, like if you zoom in on the cars that are the wheels, you're not going to see, you're
going to see regular cars, not wheel cars. No, they have little legs. Wait, describe the wheel
for me on a car. We see a cargo by, I zoom in on the front left wheel and what do I, what am I
looking at? There are no wheels on the baby cars. No, I'm talking about like, well, don't do that
to yourself. I didn't mean to take it to the, like, like just, he, his original pitch. Okay. Yeah.
I'm confused. You got a car. You got, you know how there's like a, usually there's like a chassis,
so picture like a VW Beetle. Gotcha. Now just picture a wheel in place of that. Gotcha. Okay.
And then you're like, and then you go, well, what, what the hell? And then you're like, what are the,
what are the tires on this thing? Right. So there's four of them, right? Yeah. So each of the four
tires on that, on that tire car, you look, and then they, they're little Volkswagen's. Yeah.
Like skates, like, like a big, a big tire with skates. Yeah. On each side. Yeah. A total of four.
Oh, so it's done. And then those, and then those have legs. Well, I don't think you have to do
legs. I did that because you put me in a corner. Yeah, I don't, I don't, I think, I think that's
the thing. It's like, you got to know when to take the drawing away from the kid. You know. No,
no, no. Okay. So that's, that's where we start. That's where we start. I think if there's a sequel,
we could go there. The wheels don't spin. There's just a car at the bottom of each wheel. Well,
you call it, you call it opposite day. So everything, you know, like it's, you know,
so a helicopter would be the blade is where we sit and a body would spin. Exactly. Right. Yeah.
And then in a parachute would open itself up and a person would come out. Right. Right. And then,
and then, and then the tree, this could work with your, this could be cinematic universe,
the tree grows down, the roots grow up, and the wheel goes round and round. And your plants water
you. Yeah. Every morning, your plant comes over and pour you a little glass of water.
Everybody's president, except one person that we vote for every four years to not be president.
And they get blamed for everything. They're like, all right, let's do this. Where are you building
that wall and paying for it? They're like, I'm not, I'm not president. You better do something.
But nobody wants to be, nobody wants to be the not president because they have to pay all the
taxes for everything. They're like, shit, I don't want to be there. Should we do a scene from that
movie where Jeff is Benicio del Toro as the curtain? I'm the curtain. Yeah. And it's opposite world,
so you know how that goes. Right. Yeah. You're strung across the window and there's a big curtain
rod hanging in the middle of you. I will be Jean-Claude Van Damme, of course, as a roller skate
that is just, yeah, opposite roller skate. We can get into that later.
So I'm an opposite curtain. Yeah. Okay. You can make up your own version of it. I'm sorry.
No, no, I mean, I'm trying to wrap my Benicio del Toro brain around that.
All right, all right. Rob will, of course, be Will Smith, I heard from the audience.
Two light skins, two light skins. Well, there's no such thing. I think you'll find is the moral of
this movie. Is that the voice where I might just opposite Dave Will Smith? No, you're Will Smith
and you're a candle. And Brandon is played by Rosie Perez. I'm just ready for anything. Rosie
Perez and your table. I'm tired of just sitting here. And it's opposite world. So all of those
rules are, they're not what you think. Okay. There's the Pixar logo is that lamp like stomping
the eye or whatever that still happens. And then now we're coming through clouds. And then who are
you Dan? I'm a roller skate. And you played by played by Michael McDonald. I forgot. This is
going to be terrible. What a what a wonderful day to be a rollerskate. I like to be a roller skate.
I like to roll around on my way to home. I am a roller skate wheel that has tiny roller skates
for each of four wheels. You saw that coming. But it's dealt out piecemeal so that the audience
can start to understand this world's not normal. Here I go going home can't wait because it's
my birthday. I am Jean-Claude Van Damme. No, I'm not Jean-Claude. He wouldn't identify himself
that way. I am I am I'm roll I'm roller skate. He proceeds up his stairs to his house. Oh,
no, no, no, no, no. He goes down his stairs. Good point. To somebody else's house.
Time. Yeah. Time to go downstairs to someone else's house.
Lona. That's the opposite of that's the opposite of hiya.
God. Lona. Lona.
Hello is me Roli.
Hey, Roli. I'm just sitting at these people eating my lunch. Oh, opposite table. Yeah.
You like my shore shores? We guess whose birthday it isn't. What? You don't look at day under.
Tink, tink, tink, tink, tink, tink, tink, tink. Oh, don't answer that.
The curtains. Oh, I'm outside the window. Somebody open the window so I can be inside.
The curtains are outside the window because they're opposite. Lona. Whatever you do,
don't let them in. I'll do that then because I'm your best enemy. Yes, I hate both of you guys.
Oh, you do. I mean, and by guys, I mean, I hate one of you as a guy and one of you as a woman.
No, no, no. I'm closing the window, which makes it open. Thank you. Thank you. Hello, Curtin.
Oh, I hate you so much. Oh, I hate you too. Hey, the phone's just starting to talk for no
reason, just without it even being off the handle. Let's just talk it. Hey, it's me. I'm the candle.
I live next door and I'm burning the wax at both ends here.
So I'm just a flame in the middle and there's like wax on both sides of me.
If you notice, on the ground, I'm a curtain rod, but I go upwards.
That's great. I'm on the phone. I can't see any of that.
Don't come over because we're not having a funeral.
I want you to be louder because I can almost hear my television. So please be louder.
Don't come over. We would hate to see you.
I will. The phone hangs up and then it rings.
I just walked the fuck into the house.
The candle, that's like an opposite of a candle to just walk in the house.
Well, I didn't wait till I leave and then you'll get it.
Hey, you know what? The way you're behaving, if somebody should kill you,
you know, one of these days is going to be me for you. I'm a curtain.
Oh, it'll be multiple me's for you. Curtains.
Well, I'm here again, as I always am, to pick up my mail that was delivered at your place.
I'm going to take these mails and leave. And after I leave,
I'm going to knock on the door and go, somebody stop this.
But then then we zoom in on the mail and then now it's now it's the mail spin off.
Yeah. Hey, hey, hey, hey, Trader Joe's coupon booklet.
How come you always, how come I'm always tucked inside of you, Trader Joe's coupon booklet?
Hey, let me tell you something. Do you know who I am? I'm jury ballot letter.
I'm the jury guy that tells you to be on the jury.
Hey, I'm Trader Joe's coupon book.
Yeah, I know, I'm stuffed inside you all the fucking time.
You two should stop fighting. Oh, no, no.
Listen to me. I am Xena, the Amazon Prime Princess.
You guys are making me look so ugly. And all I do is stare at myself.
Tis I, Vanity Fair. Vanity Fair, I've been jerking off to you ever since that we were
putting that that mail sack. Me too. I've been jerking off to you since Thursday.
And it's Friday. Xena, Xena, I only, I only heard stories about you. I didn't think you
actually existed. Yeah, I do. Hey, did you know that cottage cheese is you get two for one now
at Trader Joe's? I did not. I did. Go, go, go, go, go. Hey, what gives with this mailbox?
Is it going with the rest of the property? This just an old mailbox. No one cares about
what's been delivered in it. Just rip it out, take it to the landfill tomorrow at six.
Oh Xena, Xena, this is our home for the next, maybe a day or so until the person comes up
and brings us into the kitchen table. Hey, that's too bad. Old woman withers had a heart attack.
So no one's going to ever get the mail inside this thing. You got a stamp on me.
Sorry, right? You put a stamp on me. I don't want to cancel our fraternity.
You had to lick it then stick it, but now we're going to be in a landfill.
Mail story on Fox. Yeah, I like that opposite world has a self-contained non-opposite shitty
mail picture. It's kind of like the young ones where they would go to the refrigerator and talk
to the eggs. Remember that? I do. The eggs. Oh, we did it. We did it. We did 10 minutes of the
worst improv of anybody's life. I think that opposite thing was maybe a misguided. Maybe it
was the best idea. It's hard to be an opposite curtain. I was like, I had my brain kind of
frozen. I was wondering what you're going to do with that. I mean, I was outside, but then you
got to be... Who was your celebrity? The worst beneath Yieldal Toro. I ended up sounding more
like a strong bat from Homestar Runner. Do we want to guard your window from the sunlight?
We shout not a charity? Okay, opposite man. What wasn't your question?
No, you're not. You are so not sorry. Well, it's opposite world. It means he's not sorry.
What's your question? Oh, boy.
I don't really understand. What's your favorite prank you've ever been given?
What's our favorite prank we've ever... That question. I don't know if Mike's
picked it up, but his friend or maybe not. Maybe just a stranger was...
I was going to say the wheel sound of that. The wheel sound of that.
The wheel sound of that. I came in and I was like, uncontrollable derision.
I'm like, oh my God, I can't keep the mirth from...
He just gave up halfway through it. He's like, what's the favorite prank that she... I don't know.
Dan, you've been a victim of... What's your favorite prank or least favorite prank
that you either have or haven't been either the victim of or have perpetrated on another person
or yourself in opposite... Well, I really don't know what the question is,
but I know my favorite prank show of all time was Alan Funtz Playboy Channel prank show,
because it was so humanistic. None of the marks were ever... They were just poor people that had
clearly answered an ad that was like, your job is to come in and answer the phones in this like
office and they never... They were just... They would come in and they were already...
They were thinking like, oh, I'm going to make $5 an hour answering a phone,
and then the voice on the other end is Alan Funtz, and then like a naked woman would come in or
something. Just something like really an impossibly thin amount of variation on the idea of like a
naked woman coming in and going like, I'm naked. Can I say that? And it was just basically like
just every man like answering the phone Alan Funtz would call and go, hey, what the fuck is going
on in there? What's going on? I just want... And then the poor person would just be like,
I don't know. She's naked. I don't know. She's naked. What the fuck? What the fuck's going on over
there? And it was like... Yeah, no, he said fuck every other word. I think it was like to make it
the Playboy Channel worthy. It was like, there was a... What the fuck is happening? And it was like
Alan Funtz's voice. And then after a while they'd go, hey, you're on naked, candid camera,
and the person would go, great. And they'd give him more money than they thought they were going
to get. My favorite... I wasn't involved in this one, but our friend Drew Carey... On the Drew Carey
show, Drew had like wrapped a season. It was going to go on a vacation. And he had like an assistant
and they had his luggage backstage. And I think it was somebody in the prop department on the
Drew Carey show at Warner Brothers, took an enormous like foot and a half long rubber dildo
and put a bunch of metal screws in it and then put it in his bag so it would set off the metal
detector. So when he got through security, hey, I'm Drew Carey, how's it going? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then they, sir, and they pulled out this giant fucking dildo and apparently Drew, when he came
back, didn't talk to anybody in the set for a month. Speaking of pranks, though, I guess this
fits the category. We should have Eric Andre on the show. If you guys have been watching Eric Andre,
I bet. Like I just, I even know those are one of those shows like Adam Ruins, everything. I've
never watched it. And then Mike McMahon one day at Rick and Morty's writer's room was like,
have you seen Eric Andre? So when we started binging Eric Andre, I was like, holy shit,
like really funny. But it'd be interesting to... I've chatted with him and stuff at like
up fronts, like know who he is, but never, but hadn't, I think he would be interesting to talk to
about the ins and outs of his show. Absolutely. I was a season two of punked. So I have 15 pranks
on various celebrities. I'm just going to say the time we made Usher, we made Usher write a jingle
and told him that his brother had stolen women's clothing from a shop in Beverly Hills.
And then we had to say to him, Mike, and this is how we want the jingle to go Usher.
He thought he was writing a jingle to get his brother out of
Hock with the place he had shoplifted at. We told him and his brother was there and his brother
was like, I stole these clothes for these women that I'm trying to see. And I'm in trouble. And
it was like a kitsyn or some shit. And we were like, well, you can get out of this if you write,
if you sing this jingle for the store. And Usher was like, he looked at his brother and he goes,
it's not sexy, man. What you're doing right now in the store stealing clothes is not sexy.
As if they had had a discussion prior. Wow. I had one steal. It's not sexy. You gotta be like
Usher. Your Usher's brother, you're supposed to go out there and be sexy. It's supposed to do sexy
things. Right. So yeah, pranks. Did he write a jingle? He did not. He was like, I will just take
the hit. I'll buy the shit. I'll buy the shit. My niece, Stephanie, when she was like maybe five,
I was, I don't know, eight. She was staying in the guest room in our house. I went and got under
her bed like an hour before she went to bed. So I was in there. Oh no. This isn't a prank though.
And I tilted the mirror like on the wardrobe kind of thing. So I held her. You? I was probably
last year. No, no, no. 32. I would say I was like nine years old. Okay. I was actually picturing,
the reason I said oh no is because I was picturing you like 30. No, no, no, no. Okay. No, no,
no. She's only a couple years younger than I. So like, she might have been five. I was seven, six,
eight, something like that. And I tilted the mirror on the chest of drawers so I could kind of see
up towards the bed and was in there for an hour and it was uncomfortable and it's cramped. And
I used to fuck with her all the time. And she came in and got to bed and I waited another hour.
And there was enough light to the window and she had a night light so I could see
that she was there. And I waited until she was like settled in bed because she was like,
you know, doing a thing and reading a book or playing with my little pony or whatever.
And then I waited until she was like just about falling asleep. And I was there for two hours.
And I went, oh, she leapt 15 feet off the bed, turned the lights on, and I got out of the bed.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. That was more terrorizing than it ought to have been.
That's fucked up. Well, my brother, I remember he wanted to scare my grandma
and he hid down in the basement. So it's starting off with a good idea. For a really long time,
this is my grandma Bunny. She recently passed away, my mom's mom. Is this the one, the stabba dude?
No, no, no, no. That's her mom. That's grandma Bhusha. But grandma Bunny, I guess my brother
hid down in the basement because he wanted to scare grandma. And she came down and she was
doing laundry and he was just hiding and he was kind of biting his time. And then she let the
biggest fart out. And then he started freaking out, laughing and crying and stuff. And I thought
there was a delightful story because she was a little scared, but it was funnier that whatever
he was going to do was more, it's like don't scare an old lady, but it's nicer that she was like,
she was like... And then he was like... And I was like, yeah, why are you putting all this
energy into... The hunter has become the hunter. Cliff Hanger. Thank you all. We love you. Thank
you for coming down to Dynasty Typewriter. Give it up for Brandon Johnson. Go to sleep. Everybody
go to sleep. Rob Schrab. The body needs sleep. Also, I wasn't here. Let's give a big round of
applause for our dearly departed friend, Brody Stevens. I love him and we miss him dearly.
The world is not the same but not him. Also our friend, Sam Christensen. We love you.
You're still here with us. I'm your comptroller, Jeff Davis. Your mayor, Dan Harmon, everybody.
you